hey YouTube it's all this helping seven
with another minecraft video how awesome
is this
so today I am doing another tutorial on
how to download custom maps because I
love playing custom maps it's just the
bomb and yeah so first all that you need
for this is win raw and island all a
custom map that you downloaded so what
you're gonna do is that um you go to
your custom map and you open it using
WinRAR just go open with WinRAR I just
have to double click mine cuz yeah
because just because I'm awesome so and
then then you want your percentage app
data percentage and it's gonna go right
into the Roman just press enter boom so
now what you're gonna do is and you're
gonna go into your adopt minecraft
folder and then you're gonna go under
saves and with your custom map thing
your once you open it you're gonna see
one folder with like world and you're
gonna see like all this different stuff
in it that's what you want that's the
folder so you just gonna take it drag
boom you have a custom I've downloaded
now um some of them don't do not work
like sometimes I try to download some
but they just don't work so yeah so my
password there and single-player right
here
that's my other one
and right here yeah yeah survival island
it's a pretty simple and easy thing guys
just try to download some they're really
fun to play I don't know about you guys
but survival island is like the best cuz
just just the bomb so um thanks guys for
watching hopefully you can download some
custom maps watching this video
um I hope this video helped you guys out
see you guys there I'm lo pink see you
guys later